updated notes about approval policies and fixed links (#793)
spacelift-io/user-documentation: docs/concepts/policy/approval-policy.md

> # Approval Policy

Reviewer: I like the title capitalization, but for the sake of consistency, I would recommend that we stick to the current convention for the documentation (ie Only the first word gets a capital).

!!! info
    Please note, we currently don't support importing rego.v1. For more details, refer to the note in the [introduction](../policy/README.md) section.

> The approval policy allows organizations to create sophisticated run review and approval flows that reflect their preferred workflow, security goals, and business objectives. Without an explicit approval policy, anyone with write access to a stack can create a [run](../run/README.md) (or a [task](../run/task.md)). An approval policy can make this process more granular and contextual.

Reviewer: I understand "way" as in "significantly more" here, so I am not sure it is worth changing but I am fine if you want to change it.

Reviewer 2: Sounds good to me.

> Runs can be reviewed when they enter one of three states - [queued](../run/README.md#queued), [unconfirmed](../run/tracked.md#unconfirmed), or [pending review](../run/proposed.md#pending-review). Please note if a stack has [auto-deploy](../stack/stack-settings.md#autodeploy) enabled, then the approval policy will not be evaluated here, and you should use a [plan policy](../policy/terraform-plan-policy.md) to warn which will force the stack into an unconfirmed state and the approval policy will get evaluated as a safeguard.

Reviewer: Autodeploy is spelled with the dash elsewhere in the documentation. I like the version with the dash better, but I like consistency even more. 😄

![](<../../assets/screenshots/Mouse_Highlight_Overlay_and_Resource_in_a_separate_file_·_Bacon (1).png>)

With a positive review, the approval policy could evaluate to Approve, thus unblocking the run:

![](../../assets/screenshots/Mouse_Highlight_Overlay_and_Resource_in_a_separate_file_·_Bacon.png)

When an [unconfirmed](../run/tracked.md#unconfirmed) run needs approval, you will not be able to [confirm](../run/tracked.md#confirmed) it until that approval is received. The run can, however, be [discarded](../run/tracked.md#discarded) at any point:

![](<../../assets/screenshots/Mouse_Highlight_Overlay_and_Resource_in_a_separate_file_·_Bacon (3).png>)

> In principle, the run review and approval process is very similar to GitHub's Pull Request review, the only exception being that it's the Rego policy (rather than a set of checkboxes and dropdowns) that defines the exact conditions to approve the run.

Reviewer: "are" sounds better to me, but I am not a native English speaker. 😅

Reviewer 2: I like "is" though.

!!! tip
    If separate run approval and confirmation steps sound confusing, don't worry. Just think about how GitHub's Pull Requests work - you can approve a PR before merging it in a separate step. A PR approval means "I'm OK with this being merged." A run approval means "I'm OK with that action being executed."

## Rules

Your approval policy can define the following boolean rules:

- **approve**: the run is approved and no longer requires (or allows) review;
- **reject**: the run fails immediately.

While the 'approve' rule must be defined in order for the run to be able to progress, it's perfectly valid to not define the 'reject' rule. In that case, runs that look invalid can be cleaned up ([canceled](../run/README.md#canceled) or [discarded](../run/tracked.md#discarded)) manually.

> It's also perfectly acceptable for any given policy evaluation to return 'false' on both 'approve' and 'reject' rules. This only means that the result is yet 'undecided,' and more reviews will be necessary to reach a conclusion. A perfect example would be a policy that requires 2 approvals for a given job - the first review is not yet supposed to set the 'approve' value to 'true.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's also perfectly acceptable for any given policy evaluation to return 'false' on both 'approve' and 'reject' rules. This only means that the result is yet 'undecided', and more reviews will be necessary to reach a conclusion. A perfect example would be a policy that requires 2 approvals for a given job - the first review is not yet supposed to set the 'approve' value to 'true'.
```
